[Autogenerated] let us quickly go through a few of
the cliffs i d e key concepts.
First of all, eclipses a software written in Java.
It means that you can Rennick lives online.
X windows or Mac OS is and this is almost the same version, UNC.
The only difference is the look and feel.
But the organization of the your eyes, the same same panel,
same menus, etcetera.
So it means that you need to have a Java installation
somewhere so that a cliffs can be run.
If you do not have a Java voter mission installed in your machine,
you will not be able to launch a clips.
It also meant that since cliffs knows at least one
Java installation from your machina,
this is the Java it will use by default to handle your project.
So these version of Java will be the default Lee chosen
version used by Eclipse to handle your projects.
Of course, it can be over return, and we are going to see that. But you have to keep that in mind when you're first launching Eclipse